[DOCS-2174] Database Monitoring product documentation (#11195)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/advanced_configuration.md

---
title: Advanced Configuration for Postgres Database Monitoring
kind: documentation
description: Advanced Configuration for Postgres Database Monitoring

---
{{< site-region region="us3,gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">Database Monitoring is not supported for this site.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Handling many relations

> If your Postgres database has a large number of relations (in the thousands), we recommend adding the setting `collect_database_size_metrics: false` to your instance configuration for that database. When this setting is disabled, the Agent will not run the function `pg_database_size()` to collect database size statistics which has worse performance on instances with a large number of tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Postgres database has a large number of relations (in the thousands), Datadog recommends adding `collect_database_size_metrics: false` to your instance configuration for that database. When this setting is disabled, the Agent will not run the function `pg_database_size()` to collect database size statistics, which has worse performance on instances with a large number of tables.
```
